fix(astro/core): Do not automatically add trailing slash (#5608)
withastro/astro: .changeset/twelve-cooks-tickle.md

---

> 'astro': minor

Reviewer: I think this should be a major as some could rely on the old behaviour, which this PR would break them. Since we're starting the 2.0 beta now, this seems like a great time to merge this.

Author: @bluwy I'll fix soon

---

> Fixed a problem in which trailing slashes were automatically inserted for URLs set as 'site' key in astro.config.
> Implementers should be aware that, for example, setting `${import.meta.env.SITE}ogp.png` to load an OGP will be converted to `https://example.comogp.png` and the image will not be loaded. As a result, the image may not load.
> 
> ## What should consumer do?
> Consumer should search `import.meta.env.SITE` when raising to this version and change it if they are writing code that expects the trailing slash to be added automatically.

Reviewer: I think we can simplify this description with something like:
```suggestion
A trailing slash will not be automatically appended to `import.meta.env.SITE`. Instead, it will be the value of the `site` config as is. This may affect usages of `${import.meta.env.SITE}image.png`, which will need to be updated accordingly.
```
